---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: Personal Profile (see PDF Version here)
datePublished: '2016-04-21T03:18:20.630Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-21T03:17:43.223Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-25-d589713d-7271-43c7-bccb-60bd6ac7de14.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: d589713d-7271-43c7-bccb-60bd6ac7de14/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Personal Profile (see PDF Version here)**

Diligent, personable, inquisitive, down to earth and humorous. Experienced audio and media producer. Skilled writer, editor and speaker, familiar in both musical theatre and public speaking. Highly adaptive to new software and environments. Aspiring marketing professional currently studying Inbound Marketing as well as Google Adwords. Conversationally and culturally bilingual in Japanese. 

**Education: **

**SYRACUSE UNIVERSITY, **New York, USA

2008-2012

_Bachelor of Arts (English textual studies)_

_Bachelor of Arts (Television, Radio, and Film)_

**Achievements**

* Magna Cum Laude Honors Graduate (3.8 GPA)

* Three years with the Japan Exchange and Teaching Program
* Verbal Reasoning score in the top 5% of all Graduate Exam students.
* Audiobook narrator with four star rating

**Key Skills**

* Digital Marketing

* Multimedia Production (Audio & Video)

* Public Speaking

**Experience:**

**Assistant Language Teacher (2013 to 2016)**

Kochi City Board of Education, Japan

* Lead English instruction advisor at two junior high schools and multiple elementary schools.
* Created and administered tests. Evaluated testing procedure.
* Produced media projects for class and community use.
* Participated actively in local events to encourage cultural exchange.
* Worked through issues arising from cultural differences.

**Staff Interviewer2012 to 2013**

Development Dimensions International, USA

* Conducted competency interviews with potential hires.
* Trained in Conflict resolution and customer service.
* Completed candidate evaluations quickly and reliably.

**Production Assistant**

MTV Studios: Death Valley (TV), Liquid Theory Production, USA

* Assisted lead Producer of the show
* Proofread show scripts, provided feedback.
* Organised and distributed audition session materials.

**Production Assistant,**

PBS****Public****Broadcasting**, **

Pittsburgh, USA

OnQ News Production support staff

* Assisted with on-location shoots
* Produced segment on game company
* Transcribed tapes for broadcast

**Narrator, **

Freelance and Commercial

* ACX Audiobooks, freelance narration

* Three books produced and narrated
* Commercial clients: a football team, a law firm, and a startup.

**IT Representative**

: Syracuse University

**Hobbies/Interests**

Personal

media projects, Drama and Theatre, Water Polo, 

Japanese Language, Computer Games, Quora, Karaoke

**Other links**

[LinkedIn][0][Youtube][1]

[0]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mschenker1
[1]: https://www.youtube.com/user/SchenkerSyracuse